Project title: QR stamp--an upgrade of distributing the letters

Description: QR stamp is a new idea which can ehance the efficiency while distribute the letters. Since human seperate the letters is really difficult and tiring.
             What's more, human may make mistake while facing lots of letters. So with the QR stamp, we can reduce the cost, time, and also mistakes at the same time.
            

Team members:
We are Team 5, our group members are as follows:
107034032 ´¿³Õ½å Remy  email: s410086@shsh.tw
107034045 ªL¨°¾± Peter email: ztex010073218@gmail.com
107034055 ­Ù¤l³Ç Billy email: nibilly118@gmail.com

Instructor: Dr. Hareesh, National Tsing Hua University

The project is organized in the following folders:

1. Ideation 
   Our idea comes from the way how the post office distribute the letters, we think it's too inefficient for human to seperate the letters one by one.
   So we come up of an idea: we can design a code that can be scanned by a scanner. With the information in the code, we can easily know where the letter is going.
   Thus we don't have to spend that much time and hire so many employees doing this job. By the way, the code will be combined with the stamps. 
   All we have to do is to scan the stamps on the letters and distribute them.
   What's more, we also do some research about the science behind our idea. We not only find the information on the internet but also do a little investigation through the social media.
   We do find some data and information to support our motivation. If our idea come true, it can definitely save lots of costs. 

2. Uml design
   The attached are our UML design daigram. 
   We make a diagram to introduce the relationship between the customer and the post office while talking about printig the customized QR-code stamp. 
   Also, how the function work on the website, back stage and the server when the customer ask an order for the postal severice.
   Last is the payment. How the postal system request the fee from the customers when they do the purchase.

3. Final project presentation
   The first part of our presentation, we introduce our idea about how we come up with this idea.
   Then it's the IPO process and the UML diagram to show our project detail.
   Third are the prototype. We focus more on the interface of our service.
   The fisrt one is: printing and making your own customized stamps. 
   The second sevice is mail tracking and the speed up delivery.
   Last but not least is our future prospect which we can make better in the future.
 
4. Demonstration video
   In the video, it shows the homepage of ChuangHua post in the very beginning. Then, we demonstrate the service of printing your own customized stamps. 
   First, we show the visitor mode which you have to type in your personal information, because the form latter is the same as people who have an account, so I go back and demonstrate the logging in part.
   (you click the ¶l¬FÄ_Ä_ you can go back to the homepage) for people who already registered, you can type in the receivers' information directly. Mail type & address is alos required. 
   After selecting the package's size(if letter,you can ignore), you have to confirm all the information. Afterwards, you have to pay and then you can print out the stamps.
   Next is the mail tracking service, I still demonstrate the visitor mode first, then the account part. The payment is the same as the way we used in printing the stamps.
   A point is that for an user who has an account, he/she doesn't have to type in the information of the credict card everytime while purchasing. But he/she still has to check the verification code.
   To make sure you are the one who make the purchase, not others.


5. Bugs and future improvements
   1.For the future parts, we hope our international mail can have the same service as domstic service. 
     Since we don't have the data base of the road's name or address in other country, we can still help the post office to seperate those letters.
     We think we can include the continent's and the country's information in the code. Briefly do the seperation. Then have an upgrade in the future.
   2.For the QR code part, we think we can have some design on it. Make it more like a "stamp". We think we can use algorithm to do it.
     Customer can choose the picture they like to be the stamp. The picture they upload can combined with our QR code. Thus we can not only scan the stamps easily but also have a beautiful stamp.
  

